Fully vectorized sample posterior predictive (#3603)
pymc-devs/pymc: RELEASE-NOTES.md

- Added `Matern12` covariance function for Gaussian processes. This is the Matern kernel with nu=1/2.
- Progressbar reports number of divergences in real time, when available [#3547](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/pull/3547).
- Sampling from variational approximation now allows for alternative trace backends [#3550].

> - Included `fast_sample_posterior_predictive`, which draws samples from the posterior predictive distribution taking the maximum advantage possible from operation vectorization. This will implementation is likely to run into problems with multivariate distributions for now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Included `fast_sample_posterior_predictive`, which draws samples from the posterior predictive distribution taking the maximum advantage possible from vectorizing. This implementation will likely run into problems with multivariate distributions.
```

Reviewer 2: Made minor corrections to @junpenglao 's edit.  Should we add a phrase to explain *why* there are likely to be problems with multivariate distributions?  Is this a shape issue, or is this a problem with the way these distributions' `random` methods work, or both?
